>>> IF YOU START IN -- IN
>>> IF YOU START IN -- IN MANHATTAN AND YOU GO NORTH FROM
MANHATTAN AND YOU GO NORTH FROM MANHATTAN, THE FIRST THING YOU
MANHATTAN, THE FIRST THING YOU HIT IS THE BRONX.
HIT IS THE BRONX. IF YOU KEEP GOING NORTH THROUGH
IF YOU KEEP GOING NORTH THROUGH THE BRONX, THE NEXT THING YOU
THE BRONX, THE NEXT THING YOU HIT IS WEST CHESTER COUNTY, NEW
HIT IS WEST CHESTER COUNTY, NEW YORK.
YORK. WITH GREAT TOWNS YOU’LL HIT
WITH GREAT TOWNS YOU’LL HIT FIRST ON THE ROAD LIKE YONKERS
FIRST ON THE ROAD LIKE YONKERS AND NEW ROCHELLE.
AND NEW ROCHELLE. IF YOU KEEP GOING NORTH, KEEP
IF YOU KEEP GOING NORTH, KEEP GOING DEEPER INTO SPRAWLING WEST
GOING DEEPER INTO SPRAWLING WEST CHESTER COUNTY, NEW YORK, YOU
CHESTER COUNTY, NEW YORK, YOU WILL EVENTUALLY GET TO A PLACE
WILL EVENTUALLY GET TO A PLACE CALLED BEDFORD.
CALLED BEDFORD. AND BEDFORD, NEW YORK IS PRETTY.
AND BEDFORD, NEW YORK IS PRETTY. I HAVE BEEN THERE.
I HAVE BEEN THERE. IT’S A NICE PART OF THE STATE OF
IT’S A NICE PART OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. IT’S A NICE PART OF THE COUNTRY.
IT’S A NICE PART OF THE COUNTRY. BEDFORD ALSO HAS SOME
BEDFORD ALSO HAS SOME INTERESTING HISTORIC SITES.
INTERESTING HISTORIC SITES. IT’S GOT A PLACE CALLED STEPPING
IT’S GOT A PLACE CALLED STEPPING STONES, THIS HOME.
STONES, THIS HOME. THIS IS THE PRESERVED HOME OF
THIS IS THE PRESERVED HOME OF BILL W.
BILL W. IF YOU’RE IN AA OR KNOW ANYBODY
IF YOU’RE IN AA OR KNOW ANYBODY WHO HAS EVER BEEN IN AA, YOU
WHO HAS EVER BEEN IN AA, YOU KNOW WHAT WILL W. MEANS,
KNOW WHAT WILL W. MEANS, INCLUDING THE FACT IT’S JUST THE
INCLUDING THE FACT IT’S JUST THE LAST INITIAL.
LAST INITIAL. BILL WILSON WAS THE FOUNDER OF
BILL WILSON WAS THE FOUNDER OF ALCOHOLICS ANONYMOUS AND HIS
ALCOHOLICS ANONYMOUS AND HIS HOME IS PRESERVED IN BEDFORD,
HOME IS PRESERVED IN BEDFORD, NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. IT IS A NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE.
IT IS A NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE. NOT FAR FROM THERE IS THE
NOT FAR FROM THERE IS THE MASSIVE BEDFORD HILLS
MASSIVE BEDFORD HILLS CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, WHICH IS
CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, WHICH IS ACTUALLY WHY I HAVE BEEN TO
ACTUALLY WHY I HAVE BEEN TO BEDFORD, NEW YORK.
BEDFORD, NEW YORK. I USED TO WORK ON PRISON REFORM
I USED TO WORK ON PRISON REFORM ISSUES IN A PREVIOUS LIFE SO I
ISSUES IN A PREVIOUS LIFE SO I HAVE BEEN TO THAT PRISON.
HAVE BEEN TO THAT PRISON. IT’S THE ONLY MAXIMUM SECURITY
IT’S THE ONLY MAXIMUM SECURITY WOMEN’S PRISON IN THE NEW YORK
WOMEN’S PRISON IN THE NEW YORK STATE CORRECTIONAL SYSTEM.
STATE CORRECTIONAL SYSTEM. BEDFORD, NEW YORK WAS BRIEFLY
BEDFORD, NEW YORK WAS BRIEFLY THE FOCUS OF NATIONAL AND
THE FOCUS OF NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL ATTENTION IN 2009
INTERNATIONAL ATTENTION IN 2009 WHEN THEN LIBYAN DICTATOR
WHEN THEN LIBYAN DICTATOR MOAMMAR GADHAFI MADE PLANS TO
MOAMMAR GADHAFI MADE PLANS TO TRAVEL TO THE ANNUAL MEETING OF
TRAVEL TO THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE U.N. GENERAL ASSEMBLY.
THE U.N. GENERAL ASSEMBLY. HE SENT A LARGE ADVANCED PARTY
HE SENT A LARGE ADVANCED PARTY TO PITCH HIM A TENT ON THE
TO PITCH HIM A TENT ON THE GROUNDS OF AN ESTATE IN BEDFORD,
GROUNDS OF AN ESTATE IN BEDFORD, NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. LITERALLY THEY WERE GOING TO
LITERALLY THEY WERE GOING TO PITCH A TENT ON THE LAWN OF THAT
PITCH A TENT ON THE LAWN OF THAT ESTATE AND GADHAFI AND HIS
ESTATE AND GADHAFI AND HIS ENTOURAGE PLANNED TO STAY IN
ENTOURAGE PLANNED TO STAY IN THAT TENT WHILE HE WAS IN NEW
THAT TENT WHILE HE WAS IN NEW YORK VISITING THE U.N. GENERAL
YORK VISITING THE U.N. GENERAL ASSEMBLY.
ASSEMBLY. THAT WAS THE PLAN UNTIL TOWN
THAT WAS THE PLAN UNTIL TOWN OFFICIALS IN BEDFORD DECIDED
OFFICIALS IN BEDFORD DECIDED THEY WERE NOT INTO THAT IDEA AT
THEY WERE NOT INTO THAT IDEA AT ALL.
ALL. THEY SENT SOMEBODY FROM THE TOWN
THEY SENT SOMEBODY FROM THE TOWN OVER TO INSPECT LIKE THE
OVER TO INSPECT LIKE THE EXTENSION CORDS AND THE OTHER
EXTENSION CORDS AND THE OTHER LITTLE TEMPORARY ELECTRICAL
LITTLE TEMPORARY ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS THEY HAD SET UP TO
CONNECTIONS THEY HAD SET UP TO SERVICE GADHAFI’S WOULD-BE
SERVICE GADHAFI’S WOULD-BE LIVING QUARTERS IN THAT SENT ON
LIVING QUARTERS IN THAT SENT ON THE LAWN AND THE TOWN UPON
THE LAWN AND THE TOWN UPON INSPECTING THOSE ELECTRICAL
INSPECTING THOSE ELECTRICAL FACILITIES ISSUED A STOP WORK
FACILITIES ISSUED A STOP WORK ORDER.
ORDER. SO EVEN THOUGH THE LIBYAN
SO EVEN THOUGH THE LIBYAN GOVERNMENT RENTED THAT PLACE FOR
GOVERNMENT RENTED THAT PLACE FOR HIM, THE LIBYAN DICTATOR,
HIM, THE LIBYAN DICTATOR, MOAMMAR GADHAFI, NEVER ACTUALLY
MOAMMAR GADHAFI, NEVER ACTUALLY ENDED UP STAYING IN THAT TENT ON
ENDED UP STAYING IN THAT TENT ON THAT LAWN AT THAT ESTATE IN
THAT LAWN AT THAT ESTATE IN BEDFORD, NEW YORK.
BEDFORD, NEW YORK. BUT THE SPECIFIC LOCATION OF
BUT THE SPECIFIC LOCATION OF THAT WEIRD THREE-DAY SORT OF
THAT WEIRD THREE-DAY SORT OF SMALL-SCALE DIPLOMATIC CRISIS
SMALL-SCALE DIPLOMATIC CRISIS OVER MOAMMAR GADHAFI AND HIS
OVER MOAMMAR GADHAFI AND HIS EXTENSION CORDS, THE SPECIFIC
EXTENSION CORDS, THE SPECIFIC LOCATION OF THAT IN BEDFORD, NEW
LOCATION OF THAT IN BEDFORD, NEW YORK WAS A PLACE CALLED SEVEN
YORK WAS A PLACE CALLED SEVEN SPRINGS.
SPRINGS. THAT WAS -- THAT WAS THE ESTATE
THAT WAS -- THAT WAS THE ESTATE WHERE GADHAFI PLANNED TO STAY ON
WHERE GADHAFI PLANNED TO STAY ON THE LAWN.
THE LAWN. AT THE TIME OF THAT GADHAFI
AT THE TIME OF THAT GADHAFI CONTROVERSY, SEVEN SPRINGS WAS
CONTROVERSY, SEVEN SPRINGS WAS OWN AND IT IS STILL OWNED TODAY
OWN AND IT IS STILL OWNED TODAY BY PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP.
BY PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP. AND THAT TONIGHT IS WHERE WE GET
AND THAT TONIGHT IS WHERE WE GET TO THE CRIME PART OF THIS STORY,
TO THE CRIME PART OF THIS STORY, THE MAYBE CRIME PART, OR AT
THE MAYBE CRIME PART, OR AT LEAST THE CRIME QUESTION.
LEAST THE CRIME QUESTION. THIS PROPERTY IN BEDFORD, NEW
THIS PROPERTY IN BEDFORD, NEW YORK, SEVEN SPRINGS.
YORK, SEVEN SPRINGS. AS YOU CAN SEE, IT’S A BIG
AS YOU CAN SEE, IT’S A BIG MANSION.
MANSION. IT’S JUST OVER 200 ACRES.
IT’S JUST OVER 200 ACRES. MR. TRUMP BOUGHT THE PROPERTY IN
MR. TRUMP BOUGHT THE PROPERTY IN 1995.
1995. WHEN TRUMP BOUGHT IT IN 1995, HE
WHEN TRUMP BOUGHT IT IN 1995, HE PAID $7.5 MILLION FOR IT.
PAID $7.5 MILLION FOR IT. AND THERE’S GOOD EVIDENCE,
AND THERE’S GOOD EVIDENCE, RELIABLE PUBLIC RECORDS EVIDENCE
RELIABLE PUBLIC RECORDS EVIDENCE THAT THAT PROPERTY, THAT SILVER
THAT THAT PROPERTY, THAT SILVER -- SORRY, THAT SEVEN SPRINGS
-- SORRY, THAT SEVEN SPRINGS PROPERTY HAS APPRECIATED NICELY
PROPERTY HAS APPRECIATED NICELY OVER TIME.
OVER TIME. "THE WASHINGTON POST" REPORTS
"THE WASHINGTON POST" REPORTS THAT BY 2013, SO LESS THAN 20
THAT BY 2013, SO LESS THAN 20 YEARS AFTER TRUMP FIRST BOUGHT
YEARS AFTER TRUMP FIRST BOUGHT IT IN 1995, THAT PROPERTY HAD
IT IN 1995, THAT PROPERTY HAD MORE THAN DOUBLED IN VALUE.
MORE THAN DOUBLED IN VALUE. IT WAS ASSESSED IN 2013 AT $18.9
IT WAS ASSESSED IN 2013 AT $18.9 MILLION.
MILLION. NICE, RIGHT?
NICE, RIGHT? THE LOCAL PAPER, "THE WEST
THE LOCAL PAPER, "THE WEST CHESTER COUNTY JOURNAL NEWS"
CHESTER COUNTY JOURNAL NEWS" SAYS BY 2017 THE PROCESS -- THE
SAYS BY 2017 THE PROCESS -- THE PROPERTY WAS ASSESSED EVEN A
PROPERTY WAS ASSESSED EVEN A LITTLE BIT HIGHER.
LITTLE BIT HIGHER. IT WAS ASSESSED AT $19.6
IT WAS ASSESSED AT $19.6 MILLION.
MILLION. PRESIDENT TRUMP IN HIS FEDERAL
PRESIDENT TRUMP IN HIS FEDERAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE FORM FOR
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE FORM FOR LAST YEAR, 2018, HE DIDN’T HAVE
LAST YEAR, 2018, HE DIDN’T HAVE TO GIVE A PRECISE VALUATION FOR
TO GIVE A PRECISE VALUATION FOR THE PROPERTY ON THOSE KINDS OF
THE PROPERTY ON THOSE KINDS OF FEDERAL ETHICS FORMS.
FEDERAL ETHICS FORMS. YOU JUST HAVE TO GIVE A RANGE OF
YOU JUST HAVE TO GIVE A RANGE OF VALUE.
VALUE. WHEN PRESIDENT TRUMP FILED HIS
WHEN PRESIDENT TRUMP FILED HIS FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE FORM LAST
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE FORM LAST YEAR, HE SAID THE VALUE OF THAT
YEAR, HE SAID THE VALUE OF THAT PROPERTY IN WEST CHESTER COUNTY
PROPERTY IN WEST CHESTER COUNTY WAS IN THE RANGE OF $25 TO $50
WAS IN THE RANGE OF $25 TO $50 MILLION.
MILLION. NOW, EVEN $25 MILLION IS
NOW, EVEN $25 MILLION IS CONSIDERABLY MORE THAN WHAT WE
CONSIDERABLY MORE THAN WHAT WE KNOW THAT PROPERTY WAS ASSESSED
KNOW THAT PROPERTY WAS ASSESSED AT IN TERMS OF ITS VALUE JUST
AT IN TERMS OF ITS VALUE JUST ONE YEAR BEFORE, BUT, EH, WHAT
ONE YEAR BEFORE, BUT, EH, WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
ARE YOU GOING TO DO? WHAT IS VALUE, REALLY, RIGHT?
WHAT IS VALUE, REALLY, RIGHT? THESE THINGS CAN ALWAYS BE
THESE THINGS CAN ALWAYS BE FUDGED A LITTLE BIT.
FUDGED A LITTLE BIT. BASICALLY THE SAME THING,
BASICALLY THE SAME THING, BALLPARK FIGURE.
BALLPARK FIGURE. IT’S GETTING ASSESSED AT 19, $20
IT’S GETTING ASSESSED AT 19, $20 MILLION WITHIN THE LAST FEW
MILLION WITHIN THE LAST FEW YEARS.
YEARS. HE PUTS IT AT A RANGE OF $25 TO
HE PUTS IT AT A RANGE OF $25 TO $50 MILLION.
$50 MILLION. WELL, AT LEAST THE RANGE STARTS
WELL, AT LEAST THE RANGE STARTS AT $25 MILLION.
AT $25 MILLION. BUT CAN WE PUT THAT VALUE UP
BUT CAN WE PUT THAT VALUE UP OVER TIME?
OVER TIME? YES, WE’VE DONE THIS ON THIS
YES, WE’VE DONE THIS ON THIS LITTLE GRAPH.
LITTLE GRAPH. NOW, REMEMBER, THIS IS ALL FOR
NOW, REMEMBER, THIS IS ALL FOR THIS ONE SAME PROPERTY.
THIS ONE SAME PROPERTY. AS FAR AS WE KNOW, THERE HAVE
AS FAR AS WE KNOW, THERE HAVE BEEN NO MASSIVE CHANGES TO THIS
BEEN NO MASSIVE CHANGES TO THIS PROPERTY OVER THE TIME THAT
PROPERTY OVER THE TIME THAT TRUMP HAS OWNED IT.
TRUMP HAS OWNED IT. I MEAN, GADHAFI DID SEND HIS
I MEAN, GADHAFI DID SEND HIS DUDES TO GO PUT UP A TENT THERE
DUDES TO GO PUT UP A TENT THERE FOR HIM, BUT THEN THEY HAD TO
FOR HIM, BUT THEN THEY HAD TO TAKE THE TENT DOWN AND GO HOME
TAKE THE TENT DOWN AND GO HOME SO AS WE KNOW, NOTHING REALLY
SO AS WE KNOW, NOTHING REALLY HAS CHANGED.
HAS CHANGED. YOU CAN SEE THE PROGRESSION
YOU CAN SEE THE PROGRESSION THERE OF THE VALUE, RIGHT?
THERE OF THE VALUE, RIGHT? THIS IS A HAPPY REAL ESTATE
THIS IS A HAPPY REAL ESTATE VALUATION STORY.
VALUATION STORY. YOU BUY IT FOR $7.5 MILLION IN
YOU BUY IT FOR $7.5 MILLION IN 1995, BY 2013 IT’S UP TO 19
1995, BY 2013 IT’S UP TO 19 MILLION, BY 2017 IT’S UP TO 20
MILLION, BY 2017 IT’S UP TO 20 MILLION.
MILLION. BY 2018, YOU ARE SOMEWHAT
BY 2018, YOU ARE SOMEWHAT PLAUSIBLY SAYING IT’S WORTH $25
PLAUSIBLY SAYING IT’S WORTH $25 TO $50 MILLION.
TO $50 MILLION. ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. SO THAT’S THE PUBLIC RECORD.
SO THAT’S THE PUBLIC RECORD. THAT’S WHERE WE THOUGHT WE WERE
THAT’S WHERE WE THOUGHT WE WERE ON THIS.
ON THIS. IF YOU WERE AT ALL INTERESTED IN
IF YOU WERE AT ALL INTERESTED IN THAT PARTICULAR DONALD TRUMP
THAT PARTICULAR DONALD TRUMP PROPERTY, THIS IS WHAT YOU WOULD
PROPERTY, THIS IS WHAT YOU WOULD FIND IN TERMS OF THE VALUE OF
FIND IN TERMS OF THE VALUE OF THAT PROPERTY.
THAT PROPERTY. BUT NOW WE AS A COUNTRY HAVE GOT
BUT NOW WE AS A COUNTRY HAVE GOT SOMETHING QUITE NEW ABOUT THAT
SOMETHING QUITE NEW ABOUT THAT PROPERTY, AND IT TURNS THAT SORT
PROPERTY, AND IT TURNS THAT SORT OF BORING, YOU KNOW, VAGUELY
OF BORING, YOU KNOW, VAGUELY HAPPY REAL ESTATE VALUATION
HAPPY REAL ESTATE VALUATION STORY INTO A SUSPENSEFUL COPS
STORY INTO A SUSPENSEFUL COPS AND ROBBERS CRIME DRAW THAT
AND ROBBERS CRIME DRAW THAT POTENTIALLY COMES A MAJOR
POTENTIALLY COMES A MAJOR CHAPTER IN AMERICAN PRESIDENTIAL
CHAPTER IN AMERICAN PRESIDENTIAL HISTORY AND BETWEEN GREAT POWER
HISTORY AND BETWEEN GREAT POWER AND INDEPENDENT AMERICAN LAW
AND INDEPENDENT AMERICAN LAW ENFORCEMENT.
ENFORCEMENT. BECAUSE IN HIS RIVETING DAY-LONG
BECAUSE IN HIS RIVETING DAY-LONG TESTIMONY BEFORE THE HOUSE
TESTIMONY BEFORE THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE YESTERDAY,
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE YESTERDAY, ONE OF THE THINGS THE
ONE OF THE THINGS THE PRESIDENT’S LONGTIME PERSONAL
PRESIDENT’S LONGTIME PERSONAL LAWYER MICHAEL COHEN MADE PUBLIC
LAWYER MICHAEL COHEN MADE PUBLIC WAS A SHORT STACK OF FINANCIAL
WAS A SHORT STACK OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION.
INFORMATION. THESE ARE DOCUMENTS THAT WERE
THESE ARE DOCUMENTS THAT WERE APPARENTLY AMONG THE MATERIALS
APPARENTLY AMONG THE MATERIALS THAT WERE SEIZED FROM MICHAEL
THAT WERE SEIZED FROM MICHAEL COHEN’S HOME AND OFFICE WHEN THE
COHEN’S HOME AND OFFICE WHEN THE FBI RAIDED HIM LAST YEAR TO
FBI RAIDED HIM LAST YEAR TO SERVE MULTIPLE SEARCH WARRANTS
SERVE MULTIPLE SEARCH WARRANTS ON HIM.
ON HIM. THESE DOCUMENTS WERE SEIZED BY
THESE DOCUMENTS WERE SEIZED BY THE FBI.
THE FBI. THEY HAVE SINCE BEEN RETURNED TO
THEY HAVE SINCE BEEN RETURNED TO MR. COHEN BY THE GOVERNMENT.
MR. COHEN BY THE GOVERNMENT. HE SAYS IN PREPARATION FOR HIS
HE SAYS IN PREPARATION FOR HIS TESTIMONY.
TESTIMONY. HE
HE HE WENT THROUGH THOSE BOXES OF
HE WENT THROUGH THOSE BOXES OF RETURNED MATERIAL AND HE WAS
RETURNED MATERIAL AND HE WAS THUS ABLE TO HAND OVER, AMONG
THUS ABLE TO HAND OVER, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THESE FINANCIAL
OTHER THINGS, THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS PART OF HIS
STATEMENTS AS PART OF HIS TESTIMONY YESTERDAY.
TESTIMONY YESTERDAY. HE THEN YESTERDAY AT HIS
HE THEN YESTERDAY AT HIS TESTIMONY EXPLAINED WHAT THESE
TESTIMONY EXPLAINED WHAT THESE STATEMENTS WERE AND WHAT THEY
STATEMENTS WERE AND WHAT THEY WERE USED FOR, AND HE DID IT IN
WERE USED FOR, AND HE DID IT IN PRETTY BLUNT TERMS.
PRETTY BLUNT TERMS. >> I AM GIVING TO THE COMMITTEE
>> I AM GIVING TO THE COMMITTEE TODAY THREE YEARS OF MR. TRUMP’S
TODAY THREE YEARS OF MR. TRUMP’S PERSONAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
PERSONAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FROM 2011, 2012 AND 2013.
FROM 2011, 2012 AND 2013. WHICH HE GAVE TO DEUTSCHE BANK
WHICH HE GAVE TO DEUTSCHE BANK TO ENQUIRE ABOUT A LOAN TO BUY
TO ENQUIRE ABOUT A LOAN TO BUY THE BUFFALO BILLS AND TO
THE BUFFALO BILLS AND TO "FORBES."
"FORBES." THESE ARE EXISTS 1-A, 1-B AND
THESE ARE EXISTS 1-A, 1-B AND 1-C TO MY TESTIMONY.
1-C TO MY TESTIMONY. IT WAS MY EXPERIENCE THAT MR.
IT WAS MY EXPERIENCE THAT MR. TRUMP INFLATED HIS TOTAL ASSETS
TRUMP INFLATED HIS TOTAL ASSETS WHEN IT SERVED HIS PURPOSES.
WHEN IT SERVED HIS PURPOSES. >> I’D LIKE TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT
>> I’D LIKE TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT THE PRESIDENT’S ASSETS.
THE PRESIDENT’S ASSETS. SINCE BY LAW THESE MUST BE
SINCE BY LAW THESE MUST BE REPORTED ACCURATELY ON HIS
REPORTED ACCURATELY ON HIS FEDERAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE,
FEDERAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE, AND WHEN HE SUBMITS THEM FOR A
AND WHEN HE SUBMITS THEM FOR A BANK LOAN.
BANK LOAN. MR. COHEN, YOU SERVED FOR NEARLY
MR. COHEN, YOU SERVED FOR NEARLY A DECADE AS THEN BUSINESSMAN
A DECADE AS THEN BUSINESSMAN TRUMP’S PERSONAL ATTORNEY AND
TRUMP’S PERSONAL ATTORNEY AND SO-CALLED FIXER.
SO-CALLED FIXER. DID YOU HAVE -- DID YOU ALSO
DID YOU HAVE -- DID YOU ALSO HAVE AN UNDERSTANDING OF THE
HAVE AN UNDERSTANDING OF THE PRESIDENT’S ASSETS AND HOW HE
PRESIDENT’S ASSETS AND HOW HE VALUED THOSE ITEMS?
VALUED THOSE ITEMS? >> YES.
>> YES. >> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE
>> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE PRESIDENT OR HIS COMPANY EVER
PRESIDENT OR HIS COMPANY EVER INFLATE ASSETS OR REVENUES?
INFLATE ASSETS OR REVENUES? >> YES.
>> YES. >> AND WAS THAT DONE WITH THE
>> AND WAS THAT DONE WITH THE PRESIDENT’S KNOWLEDGE OR
PRESIDENT’S KNOWLEDGE OR DIRECTION?
DIRECTION? >> EVERYTHING WAS DONE WITH THE
>> EVERYTHING WAS DONE WITH THE KNOWLEDGE AND AT THE DIRECTION
KNOWLEDGE AND AT THE DIRECTION OF MR. TRUMP.
OF MR. TRUMP. >> YOU HAVE PROVIDED THE -- THIS
>> YOU HAVE PROVIDED THE -- THIS COMMITTEE WITH COPIES OF THE
COMMITTEE WITH COPIES OF THE PRESIDENT’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
PRESIDENT’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OR PARTS OF THEM FROM 2011, 2012
OR PARTS OF THEM FROM 2011, 2012 AND ’13.
AND ’13. CAN YOU EXPLAIN WHY YOU HAD
CAN YOU EXPLAIN WHY YOU HAD THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND WHAT YOU USED THEM FOR?
WHAT YOU USED THEM FOR? >> SO, THESE FINANCIAL
>> SO, THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS WERE USED BY ME FOR
STATEMENTS WERE USED BY ME FOR TWO PURPOSES.
TWO PURPOSES. ONE WAS DISCUSSING WITH MEDIA,
ONE WAS DISCUSSING WITH MEDIA, WHETHER IT WAS "FORBES" OR OTHER
WHETHER IT WAS "FORBES" OR OTHER MAGAZINES, TO DEMONSTRATE MR.
MAGAZINES, TO DEMONSTRATE MR. TRUMP’S SIGNIFICANT NET WORTH.
TRUMP’S SIGNIFICANT NET WORTH. THAT WAS ONE FUNCTION.
THAT WAS ONE FUNCTION. ANOTHER WAS WHEN WE WERE DEALING
ANOTHER WAS WHEN WE WERE DEALING LATER ON WITH INSURANCE
LATER ON WITH INSURANCE COMPANIES, WE WOULD PROVIDE THEM
COMPANIES, WE WOULD PROVIDE THEM WITH THESE COPIES SO THAT THEY
WITH THESE COPIES SO THAT THEY WOULD UNDERSTAND THAT THE
WOULD UNDERSTAND THAT THE PREMIUM, WHICH IS BASED
PREMIUM, WHICH IS BASED SOMETIMES UPON THE INDIVIDUAL’S
SOMETIMES UPON THE INDIVIDUAL’S CAPABILITIES TO PAY, WOULD BE
CAPABILITIES TO PAY, WOULD BE REDUCED.
REDUCED. >> AND ALL OF THIS WAS DONE AT
>> AND ALL OF THIS WAS DONE AT THE PRESIDENT’S DIRECTION AND
THE PRESIDENT’S DIRECTION AND WITH HIS KNOWLEDGE?
WITH HIS KNOWLEDGE? >> YES.
>> YES. BECAUSE WHATEVER THE NUMBERS
BECAUSE WHATEVER THE NUMBERS WOULD COME BACK TO BE, WE WOULD
WOULD COME BACK TO BE, WE WOULD IMMEDIATELY REPORT IT BACK.
IMMEDIATELY REPORT IT BACK. >> AND DID THIS INFORMATION
>> AND DID THIS INFORMATION PROVIDED TO US INFLATE THE
PROVIDED TO US INFLATE THE PRESIDENT’S ASSETS?
PRESIDENT’S ASSETS? >> I BELIEVE THESE NUMBERS ARE
>> I BELIEVE THESE NUMBERS ARE INFLATED.
INFLATED. >> AND OF COURSE INVITING --
>> AND OF COURSE INVITING -- INFLATING ASSETS TO WIN A
INFLATING ASSETS TO WIN A NEWSPAPER POLL TO BOOST YOUR EGO
NEWSPAPER POLL TO BOOST YOUR EGO IS NOT A CRIME, BUT TO YOUR
IS NOT A CRIME, BUT TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE PRESIDENT
KNOWLEDGE, DID THE PRESIDENT EVER PROVIDE INFLATED ASSETS TO
EVER PROVIDE INFLATED ASSETS TO A BANK IN ORDER TO HELP HIM
A BANK IN ORDER TO HELP HIM OBTAIN A LOAN?
OBTAIN A LOAN? >> YOU MAY ANSWER THAT QUESTION.
>> YOU MAY ANSWER THAT QUESTION. >> THESE DOCUMENTS AND OTHERS
>> THESE DOCUMENTS AND OTHERS WERE PROVIDED TO DEUTSCHE BANK
WERE PROVIDED TO DEUTSCHE BANK ON ONE OCCASION WHERE I WAS WITH
ON ONE OCCASION WHERE I WAS WITH THEM IN OUR ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN
THEM IN OUR ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN MONEY SO THAT WE CAN PUT A BID
MONEY SO THAT WE CAN PUT A BID ON THE BUFFALO BILLS.
ON THE BUFFALO BILLS. >> THANK YOU FOR YOUR ANSWER.
>> THANK YOU FOR YOUR ANSWER. >> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE
>> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE PRESIDENT EVER PROVIDE INFLATED
PRESIDENT EVER PROVIDE INFLATED ASSETS TO AN INSURANCE COMPANY?
ASSETS TO AN INSURANCE COMPANY? >> YES.
>> YES. >> WHO ELSE KNOWS THAT THE
>> WHO ELSE KNOWS THAT THE PRESIDENT DID THIS?
PRESIDENT DID THIS? >> ALLEN WEISSLEBERG, RON
>> ALLEN WEISSLEBERG, RON LIEBERMAN AND MATTHEW CALAMARI.
LIEBERMAN AND MATTHEW CALAMARI. >> TODAY IN THE WAKE OF THIS
>> TODAY IN THE WAKE OF THIS TESTIMONY, THE DAILY BEAST WAS
TESTIMONY, THE DAILY BEAST WAS FIRST TO REPORT THAT TRUMP CHIEF
FIRST TO REPORT THAT TRUMP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER ALLEN
FINANCIAL OFFICER ALLEN WEISSLEBERG WILL NOW BE SUMMONED
WEISSLEBERG WILL NOW BE SUMMONED TO TESTIFY TO CONGRESS.
TO TESTIFY TO CONGRESS. THE DAILY BEAST WAS FIRST TO
THE DAILY BEAST WAS FIRST TO REPORT HE WILL BE CALLED TO
REPORT HE WILL BE CALLED TO TESTIFY BEFORE THE HOUSE
TESTIFY BEFORE THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE.
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE. HOUSE OVERSIGHT CHAIRMAN ELIJAH
HOUSE OVERSIGHT CHAIRMAN ELIJAH CUMMINGS TOLD REPORTERS TODAY
CUMMINGS TOLD REPORTERS TODAY THAT IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A
THAT IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GUIDE AS TO WHO ELSE MAY BE
GUIDE AS TO WHO ELSE MAY BE SUMMONED TO TESTIFY IN THE WAKE
SUMMONED TO TESTIFY IN THE WAKE OF COHEN’S TESTIMONY, A PRETTY
OF COHEN’S TESTIMONY, A PRETTY GOOD WAY TO ANTICIPATE THOSE
GOOD WAY TO ANTICIPATE THOSE WITNESSES WOULD BE TO READ
WITNESSES WOULD BE TO READ THROUGH THE TRANSCRIPT AND
THROUGH THE TRANSCRIPT AND HIGHLIGHT EVERY NAME MENTIONED
HIGHLIGHT EVERY NAME MENTIONED AS TO SOMEONE WHO COULD
AS TO SOMEONE WHO COULD POTENTIALLY PROVIDE USEFUL
POTENTIALLY PROVIDE USEFUL INFORMATION.
INFORMATION. ONE OF THE PROVOCATIVE THINGS
ONE OF THE PROVOCATIVE THINGS THAT MAY SIGNAL, ONE OR MORE OF
THAT MAY SIGNAL, ONE OR MORE OF THE PRESIDENT’S ADULT CHILDREN
THE PRESIDENT’S ADULT CHILDREN WILL BE INCLUDED IN THAT.
WILL BE INCLUDED IN THAT. WE SHALL SEE.
WE SHALL SEE. BEFORE ANYONE IS CALLED FOR
BEFORE ANYONE IS CALLED FOR QUESTIONING IN THE WAKE OF
QUESTIONING IN THE WAKE OF COHEN’S TESTIMONY.
COHEN’S TESTIMONY. COHEN HAS ALREADY HANDED OVER
COHEN HAS ALREADY HANDED OVER EXHIBITS AND DOCUMENTS,
EXHIBITS AND DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING THE CHECKS AND THE
INCLUDING THE CHECKS AND THE TRUST THAT CONTROLS THE
TRUST THAT CONTROLS THE PRESIDENT’S BUSINESSES.
PRESIDENT’S BUSINESSES. REIMBURSING COHEN FOR PAYMENTS
REIMBURSING COHEN FOR PAYMENTS HE MADE AHEAD OF THE ELECTION
HE MADE AHEAD OF THE ELECTION AND FOR WHICH HE’S ABOUT TO GO
AND FOR WHICH HE’S ABOUT TO GO TO PRISON BECAUSE THEY WERE
TO PRISON BECAUSE THEY WERE ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS
ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS MADE AS A FELONY CAMPAIGN
MADE AS A FELONY CAMPAIGN FINANCE SCHEME, BUT THERE IS
FINANCE SCHEME, BUT THERE IS ALSO THOSE 2011, 2012, 2013
ALSO THOSE 2011, 2012, 2013 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS WHICH COHEN
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS WHICH COHEN TOLD CONGRESS HAD BEEN USED FOR
TOLD CONGRESS HAD BEEN USED FOR MULTIPLE PURPOSES.
MULTIPLE PURPOSES. HE SAID THOSE STATEMENTS WERE
HE SAID THOSE STATEMENTS WERE USED TO TRY TO CONVINCE A
USED TO TRY TO CONVINCE A MAGAZINE TO CALL PRESIDENT TRUMP
MAGAZINE TO CALL PRESIDENT TRUMP A BILLIONAIRE.
A BILLIONAIRE. TRY TO CONVINCE A MAGAZINE TO
TRY TO CONVINCE A MAGAZINE TO GIVE THE PRESIDENT A HIGHER NET
GIVE THE PRESIDENT A HIGHER NET WORTH THAN HE ACTUALLY HAD.
WORTH THAN HE ACTUALLY HAD. AND, I MEAN, WHAT DO YOU DO WITH
AND, I MEAN, WHAT DO YOU DO WITH THAT?
THAT? YOU KNOW, PITIFUL, VAIN AND SAD
YOU KNOW, PITIFUL, VAIN AND SAD ARE SOME OF THE LESSER DWARVES
ARE SOME OF THE LESSER DWARVES IN THIS STORY, BUT, YOU KNOW,
IN THIS STORY, BUT, YOU KNOW, LYING TO A MAGAZINE TO MAKE
LYING TO A MAGAZINE TO MAKE YOURSELF LOOK RICHER THAN YOU
YOURSELF LOOK RICHER THAN YOU ARE IS NOBODY’S IDEA OF A CRIME.
ARE IS NOBODY’S IDEA OF A CRIME. THE SERIOUS ISSUE HERE IS THAT
THE SERIOUS ISSUE HERE IS THAT COHEN TESTIFIED THAT THESE
COHEN TESTIFIED THAT THESE FINANCIAL DOCUMENTS WERE ALSO
FINANCIAL DOCUMENTS WERE ALSO SUBMITTED TO INSURANCE COMPANIES
SUBMITTED TO INSURANCE COMPANIES TO TRY TO GET TRUMP’S PREMIUMS
TO TRY TO GET TRUMP’S PREMIUMS REDUCED ON HIS INSURANCE
REDUCED ON HIS INSURANCE POLICIES.
POLICIES. AND SIGNIFICANTLY HE SAID THESE
AND SIGNIFICANTLY HE SAID THESE FINANCIALS WERE SUBMITTED TO A
FINANCIALS WERE SUBMITTED TO A BANK, SPECIFICALLY TO DEUTSCHE
BANK, SPECIFICALLY TO DEUTSCHE BANK TO TRY TO GET HIMSELF A
BANK TO TRY TO GET HIMSELF A CASH LOAN.
CASH LOAN. WHAT MAY HAVE BEEN AS LARGE AS
WHAT MAY HAVE BEEN AS LARGE AS $1 BILLION CASH LOAN TO TRY TO
$1 BILLION CASH LOAN TO TRY TO BUY A PROFESSIONAL FOOTBALL
BUY A PROFESSIONAL FOOTBALL TEAM.
TEAM. AND NOW HERE IS WHY THIS IS A
AND NOW HERE IS WHY THIS IS A CONUNDRUM FOR US AS A COUNTRY.
CONUNDRUM FOR US AS A COUNTRY. BECAUSE GO BACK TO TRUMP’S BIG
BECAUSE GO BACK TO TRUMP’S BIG HOUSE IN WEST CHESTER COUNTY,
HOUSE IN WEST CHESTER COUNTY, NEW YORK, RIGHT?
NEW YORK, RIGHT? UP BY THE MAXIMUM SECURITY
UP BY THE MAXIMUM SECURITY WOMEN’S PRISON.
WOMEN’S PRISON. PUT UP THAT GRAPH AGAIN SHOWING
PUT UP THAT GRAPH AGAIN SHOWING THE VALUE OF THAT HOUSE.
THE VALUE OF THAT HOUSE. AGAIN, THESE FIGURES ARE ALL
AGAIN, THESE FIGURES ARE ALL BASED ON PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
BASED ON PUBLIC DOCUMENTS. THE PURCHASE PRICE WHEN TRUMP
THE PURCHASE PRICE WHEN TRUMP BOUGHT IT, PUBLIC ASSESSMENTS OF
BOUGHT IT, PUBLIC ASSESSMENTS OF THE PROPERTY OVER TIME, TRUMP’S
THE PROPERTY OVER TIME, TRUMP’S OWN LEGAL DECLARATION AND HIS
OWN LEGAL DECLARATION AND HIS ETHICS FILING LAST YEAR ABOUT
ETHICS FILING LAST YEAR ABOUT THE VALUE OF THAT PROPERTY.
THE VALUE OF THAT PROPERTY. REMEMBER, HE GAVE THAT RANGE, 25
REMEMBER, HE GAVE THAT RANGE, 25 TO 50.
TO 50. AND AGAIN, OVER TIME YOU CAN SEE
AND AGAIN, OVER TIME YOU CAN SEE THAT PROPERTY APPRECIATESING IN
THAT PROPERTY APPRECIATESING IN VALUE, STARTING AT 7.5LE IN UP
VALUE, STARTING AT 7.5LE IN UP TO 19 AND 20 MILLION IN 2013,
TO 19 AND 20 MILLION IN 2013, 2017, BY LAST YEAR UP TO THIS
2017, BY LAST YEAR UP TO THIS RANGE OF 25 TO 50 MILLION.
RANGE OF 25 TO 50 MILLION. OKAY.
OKAY. WELL, WHAT MICHAEL COHEN GAVE
WELL, WHAT MICHAEL COHEN GAVE CONGRESS YESTERDAY WAS A SET OF
CONGRESS YESTERDAY WAS A SET OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FROM
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE TRUMP
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, INCLUDING ONE
ORGANIZATION, INCLUDING ONE STATEMENT FROM 2012, WHICH
STATEMENT FROM 2012, WHICH MICHAEL COHEN SAID WAS USED TO
MICHAEL COHEN SAID WAS USED TO APPLY TO A BANK TO TRY TO GET A
APPLY TO A BANK TO TRY TO GET A LARGE CASH LOAN.
LARGE CASH LOAN. ON THAT 2012 FIREARMNANCIAL
ON THAT 2012 FIREARMNANCIAL DECLARATION, THAT SAME PROPERTY
DECLARATION, THAT SAME PROPERTY IN WEST CHESTER COUNTY, WHICH
IN WEST CHESTER COUNTY, WHICH HAS BEEN VALUED OVER TIME $7.5
HAS BEEN VALUED OVER TIME $7.5 MILLION, $19 MILLION, $20
MILLION, $19 MILLION, $20 MILLION, MAYBE THAT RANGE OF 25
MILLION, MAYBE THAT RANGE OF 25 TO 50 BEEN IN HIS 2012 FINANCIAL
TO 50 BEEN IN HIS 2012 FINANCIAL STATEMENT WHICH HE USED TO TRY
STATEMENT WHICH HE USED TO TRY TO GET A BIG CASH LOAN FROM A
TO GET A BIG CASH LOAN FROM A BANK, PRESIDENT TRUMP VALUED
BANK, PRESIDENT TRUMP VALUED THAT SAME PROPERTY AT $291
THAT SAME PROPERTY AT $291 MILLION.
MILLION. REALLY?
REALLY? THAT’S HILARIOUS.
THAT’S HILARIOUS. I MEAN, WHAT COULD POSSIBLY
I MEAN, WHAT COULD POSSIBLY EXPLAIN, WHAT, THEY THOUGHT THEY
EXPLAIN, WHAT, THEY THOUGHT THEY HAD DISCOVERED AN AMAZING
HAD DISCOVERED AN AMAZING DIAMOND MINE IN 2012 BUT BY 2013
DIAMOND MINE IN 2012 BUT BY 2013 THEY REALIZED SOMEONE HAD
THEY REALIZED SOMEONE HAD SPILLED A COOLER FULL OF ICE
SPILLED A COOLER FULL OF ICE CUBES AND THOSE WEREN’T DIAMONDS
CUBES AND THOSE WEREN’T DIAMONDS AFTER ALL?
AFTER ALL? HOW DO YOU GO FROM $291 MILLION
HOW DO YOU GO FROM $291 MILLION ONE YEAR AND THEN THE NEXT YEAR
ONE YEAR AND THEN THE NEXT YEAR YOUR PROPERTY DROPS IN VALUE BY
YOUR PROPERTY DROPS IN VALUE BY $272 MILLION?
$272 MILLION? BACK TO WHAT IT USED TO BE.
BACK TO WHAT IT USED TO BE. I MEAN, EVEN IF YOU JUST WANT TO
I MEAN, EVEN IF YOU JUST WANT TO COMPARE APPLES TO APPLES, RIGHT,
COMPARE APPLES TO APPLES, RIGHT, WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP’S OWN
WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP’S OWN ASSESSMENT OF THE VALUE OF THIS
ASSESSMENT OF THE VALUE OF THIS PROPERTY, IT LITERALLY WENT IN
PROPERTY, IT LITERALLY WENT IN 2012 FROM $291 MILLION TO LAST
2012 FROM $291 MILLION TO LAST YEAR 25 TO 50.
YEAR 25 TO 50. I MEAN, THAT’S JUST HIS OWN
I MEAN, THAT’S JUST HIS OWN ASSESSMENT OF THE VALUE OF THAT
ASSESSMENT OF THE VALUE OF THAT PROPERTY.
PROPERTY. AND THAT’S RIDICULOUS.
AND THAT’S RIDICULOUS. HE’S GOING FROM $300 MILLION TO
HE’S GOING FROM $300 MILLION TO MAYBE $50 MILLION?
MAYBE $50 MILLION? WHEN NOTHING CHANGE AT THE
WHEN NOTHING CHANGE AT THE PROPERTY?
PROPERTY? AND IF THAT WAS JUST ABOUT
AND IF THAT WAS JUST ABOUT MAKING HIMSELF APPEAR SUPER RICH
MAKING HIMSELF APPEAR SUPER RICH FOR "FORBES" MAGAZINE THAT WOULD
FOR "FORBES" MAGAZINE THAT WOULD BE, YOU KNOW, VAIN AND SMALL AND
BE, YOU KNOW, VAIN AND SMALL AND LYING AND SAD, BUT THAT IS NOT
LYING AND SAD, BUT THAT IS NOT WHAT MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFIED AS
WHAT MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFIED AS TO WHAT THESE FINANCIALS WERE
TO WHAT THESE FINANCIALS WERE USED FOR.
USED FOR. >> MR. TRUMP’S PERSONAL
>> MR. TRUMP’S PERSONAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FROM 2011,
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FROM 2011, 2012 AND 2013, WHICH HE GAVE TO
2012 AND 2013, WHICH HE GAVE TO DEUTSCHE BANK TO INQUIRE ABOUT A
DEUTSCHE BANK TO INQUIRE ABOUT A LOAN.
LOAN. WHEN WE WERE DEALING LATER ON
WHEN WE WERE DEALING LATER ON WITH INSURANCE COMPANIES, WE
WITH INSURANCE COMPANIES, WE WOULD PROVIDE THEM WITH THESE
WOULD PROVIDE THEM WITH THESE COPIES.
COPIES. THESE DOCUMENTS AND OTHERS WERE
THESE DOCUMENTS AND OTHERS WERE PROVIDED TO DEUTSCHE BANK ON ONE
PROVIDED TO DEUTSCHE BANK ON ONE OCCASION WHERE I WAS WITH THEM
OCCASION WHERE I WAS WITH THEM IN OUR ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN MONEY.
IN OUR ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN MONEY. >> NOW, I AM NOT A LAWYER.
>> NOW, I AM NOT A LAWYER. STATISTICALLY SPEAKING, NEITHER
STATISTICALLY SPEAKING, NEITHER ARE YOU, I’M GUESSING.
ARE YOU, I’M GUESSING. BUT JUST EVEN AS PEOPLE WHO ARE
BUT JUST EVEN AS PEOPLE WHO ARE OCCASIONALLY WATCHING THE NEWS
OCCASIONALLY WATCHING THE NEWS DURING THE DONALD TRUMP
DURING THE DONALD TRUMP PRESIDENCY, WE ALL CAN RECOGNIZE
PRESIDENCY, WE ALL CAN RECOGNIZE THAT WHAT’S BEING DESCRIBED HERE
THAT WHAT’S BEING DESCRIBED HERE IS POTENTIALLY A FELONY, RIGHT?
IS POTENTIALLY A FELONY, RIGHT? FOR ONE THING, WE’VE SEEN THE
FOR ONE THING, WE’VE SEEN THE PRESIDENT’S CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN
PRESIDENT’S CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN CONVICTED OF THIS AS A FELONY.
CONVICTED OF THIS AS A FELONY. REMEMBER THE FINANCIAL
REMEMBER THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTION SCHEME IN THE PAUL
INSTITUTION SCHEME IN THE PAUL MANAFORT INDICTMENT?
MANAFORT INDICTMENT? YOU KNOW, WHEN HE WAS STILL
YOU KNOW, WHEN HE WAS STILL BEING CHARGED WITH MANAFORT AND
BEING CHARGED WITH MANAFORT AND GATES, REMEMBER THAT?
GATES, REMEMBER THAT? MANAFORT, GATES AND OTHERS
MANAFORT, GATES AND OTHERS ATTEMPTED TO EXECUTE A SCHEME
ATTEMPTED TO EXECUTE A SCHEME AND ART FIRST TO DEFRAUD AND
AND ART FIRST TO DEFRAUD AND OBTAIN MONEY AND PROPERTY BY
OBTAIN MONEY AND PROPERTY BY FALSE PRETENSES, REPUTATIONS AND
FALSE PRETENSES, REPUTATIONS AND PROMISES FROM BANKS AND OTHER
PROMISES FROM BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS.
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS. AS PART OF THE SCHEME, THEY
AS PART OF THE SCHEME, THEY REPEATEDLY PROVIDED AND CAUSED
REPEATEDLY PROVIDED AND CAUSED TO BE PROVIDED FALSE INFORMATION
TO BE PROVIDED FALSE INFORMATION TO BANKS AND OTHER LENDERS.
TO BANKS AND OTHER LENDERS. THEY DEFRAUDED THE LENDERS IN
THEY DEFRAUDED THE LENDERS IN VARIOUS WAYS, INCLUDING LYING
VARIOUS WAYS, INCLUDING LYING ABOUT MANAFORT AND HIS COMPANY’S
ABOUT MANAFORT AND HIS COMPANY’S INCOME, LYING ABOUT THEIR DEBT,
INCOME, LYING ABOUT THEIR DEBT, THEY PROVIDED DOCTORED FINANCIAL
THEY PROVIDED DOCTORED FINANCIAL DOCUMENTS AT A TIME WHEN
DOCUMENTS AT A TIME WHEN MANAFORT’S FINANCIAL STATEMENT
MANAFORT’S FINANCIAL STATEMENT SHOULD HAVE SHOWN LESS THAN
SHOULD HAVE SHOWN LESS THAN $400,000 IN NET INCOME, THEY
$400,000 IN NET INCOME, THEY INSTEAD TOLD THE BANK HE HAD
INSTEAD TOLD THE BANK HE HAD $4.5 MILLION IN NET INCOME.
$4.5 MILLION IN NET INCOME. LYING ABOUT THAT SO THAT HE
LYING ABOUT THAT SO THAT HE COULD GET A LOAN.
COULD GET A LOAN. AND LYING TO THE BANK SO THAT HE
AND LYING TO THE BANK SO THAT HE COULD GET A LOAN.
COULD GET A LOAN. LYING TO THE BANK ABOUT HIS REAL
LYING TO THE BANK ABOUT HIS REAL FINANCIAL SITUATION SO HE COULD
FINANCIAL SITUATION SO HE COULD GET A LOAN.
GET A LOAN. THAT’S PART OF THE REASON PAUL
THAT’S PART OF THE REASON PAUL MANAFORT IS GOING TO JAIL.
MANAFORT IS GOING TO JAIL. IT’S ALSO PART OF THE REASON
IT’S ALSO PART OF THE REASON MICHAEL COHEN IS ABOUT TO GO TO
MICHAEL COHEN IS ABOUT TO GO TO JAIL, RIGHT?
JAIL, RIGHT? REMEMBER THE CRIMINAL
REMEMBER THE CRIMINAL INFORMATION OUTLINING MICHAEL
INFORMATION OUTLINING MICHAEL COHEN’S CRIMES?
COHEN’S CRIMES? MICHAEL COHEN, THE DEFENDANT,
MICHAEL COHEN, THE DEFENDANT, WILLFULLY AND KNOWINGLY MADE
WILLFULLY AND KNOWINGLY MADE FALSE STATEMENTS FOR THE PURPOSE
FALSE STATEMENTS FOR THE PURPOSE OF INFLUENCING THE ACTION OF A
OF INFLUENCING THE ACTION OF A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION IN
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION IN CONNECTION WITH AN APPLICATION
CONNECTION WITH AN APPLICATION FOR A HOME EQUITY LINE OF
FOR A HOME EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT, WHICH IS A LOAN.
CREDIT, WHICH IS A LOAN. QUOTE, COHEN MADE FALSE
QUOTE, COHEN MADE FALSE STATEMENTS TO BANK THREE ABOUT
STATEMENTS TO BANK THREE ABOUT HIS TRUE FINANCIAL CONDITION.
HIS TRUE FINANCIAL CONDITION. REMEMBER THE HEARING THE DAY
REMEMBER THE HEARING THE DAY THAT COHEN IS THERE GIVING HIS
THAT COHEN IS THERE GIVING HIS ALLOCUTION IN COURT.
ALLOCUTION IN COURT. THE JUDGE INTERRUPTS MICHAEL
THE JUDGE INTERRUPTS MICHAEL COHEN WHILE HE’S PLEADING GUILTY
COHEN WHILE HE’S PLEADING GUILTY AND EXPLAINING ALL HIS CRIMES.
AND EXPLAINING ALL HIS CRIMES. THE JUDGE MAKES SURE HE
THE JUDGE MAKES SURE HE UNDERSTANDS HE’S PLEADING GUILTY
UNDERSTANDS HE’S PLEADING GUILTY TO BANK FRAUD AND WHY.
TO BANK FRAUD AND WHY. THE JUDGE SAYS, QUOTE, WELL, YOU
THE JUDGE SAYS, QUOTE, WELL, YOU KNEW IT WAS FALSE, THAT IT
KNEW IT WAS FALSE, THAT IT FALSELY DEPICTED YOUR FINANCIAL
FALSELY DEPICTED YOUR FINANCIAL CONDITION, DID YOU NOT?
CONDITION, DID YOU NOT? THE DEFENDANT, MICHAEL COHEN,
THE DEFENDANT, MICHAEL COHEN, YES, YOUR HONOR.
YES, YOUR HONOR. THE JUDGE, AND YOU OMITTED THOSE
THE JUDGE, AND YOU OMITTED THOSE STATEMENTS, DID YOU NOT, FOR THE
STATEMENTS, DID YOU NOT, FOR THE PURPOSE OF INFLUENCING ACTION BY
PURPOSE OF INFLUENCING ACTION BY A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION?
A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION? THE DEFENDANT, MICHAEL COHEN,
THE DEFENDANT, MICHAEL COHEN, YES, YOUR HONOR, YES, I
YES, YOUR HONOR, YES, I UNDERSTAND THIS IS FELONY BANK
UNDERSTAND THIS IS FELONY BANK FRAUD TO LIE TO THE BANK FOR THE
FRAUD TO LIE TO THE BANK FOR THE PURPOSE OF GETTING A LOAN, TO
PURPOSE OF GETTING A LOAN, TO LIE TO THEM ABOUT MY REAL
LIE TO THEM ABOUT MY REAL FINANCIAL SITUATION.
FINANCIAL SITUATION. EVEN IF ALL YOU’VE BEEN DOING
EVEN IF ALL YOU’VE BEEN DOING FOR THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS IS
FOR THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS IS OCCASIONALLY WATCHING THE NEWS
OCCASIONALLY WATCHING THE NEWS ABOUT THIS ADMINISTRATION, WHICH
ABOUT THIS ADMINISTRATION, WHICH MEANS YOU’VE OCCASIONALLY BEEN
MEANS YOU’VE OCCASIONALLY BEEN WATCHING PEOPLE CONNECTED TO THE
WATCHING PEOPLE CONNECTED TO THE PRESIDENT GO TO PRISON FOR
PRESIDENT GO TO PRISON FOR FELONIES.
FELONIES. ONE OF THE THINGS WE’VE BECOME
ONE OF THE THINGS WE’VE BECOME INTIMATELY AWARE OF IS THE TYPES
INTIMATELY AWARE OF IS THE TYPES OF FINANCIAL CRIMES FOR WHICH
OF FINANCIAL CRIMES FOR WHICH PEOPLE GO TO PRISON SORT OF ON
PEOPLE GO TO PRISON SORT OF ON THE REGULAR.
THE REGULAR. NOW WHAT WE HAVE AS A COUNTRY IS
NOW WHAT WE HAVE AS A COUNTRY IS WE’VE GOT THIS TESTIMONY UNDER
WE’VE GOT THIS TESTIMONY UNDER OATH OF THE PRESIDENT’S LONGTIME
OATH OF THE PRESIDENT’S LONGTIME PERSONAL LAWYER, WE’VE GOT HIS
PERSONAL LAWYER, WE’VE GOT HIS TESTIMONY AND WE’VE GOT SOME
TESTIMONY AND WE’VE GOT SOME DOCUMENTARY EVIDENCE TO BACK IT
DOCUMENTARY EVIDENCE TO BACK IT UP, WHICH WOULD SEEM TO INDICATE
UP, WHICH WOULD SEEM TO INDICATE THAT THE PRESIDENT POTENTIALLY
THAT THE PRESIDENT POTENTIALLY HAS DONE THE SAME KIND OF BANK
HAS DONE THE SAME KIND OF BANK FRAUD THAT HIS CAMPAIGN CHAIR
FRAUD THAT HIS CAMPAIGN CHAIR AND HIS LAWYER ARE ALREADY GOING
AND HIS LAWYER ARE ALREADY GOING TO PRISON FOR.
TO PRISON FOR. I MEAN, WHAT COHEN TESTIFIED TO
I MEAN, WHAT COHEN TESTIFIED TO AND WHAT THESE DOCUMENTS SHOWED
AND WHAT THESE DOCUMENTS SHOWED APPEARS TO BE THE WILD
APPEARS TO BE THE WILD OVERINFLATION OF THE VALUE OF AN
OVERINFLATION OF THE VALUE OF AN ASSET.
ASSET. RIGHT?
RIGHT? HIS $7 MILLION HOUSE IS HOW NOW
HIS $7 MILLION HOUSE IS HOW NOW A $291 MILLION HOUSE.
A $291 MILLION HOUSE. ACCORDING TO A FINANCIAL
ACCORDING TO A FINANCIAL DOCUMENT HE SUBMITTED TO A BANK
DOCUMENT HE SUBMITTED TO A BANK FOR THE PURPOSE OF TRYING TO GET
FOR THE PURPOSE OF TRYING TO GET A LOAN FROM THAT BANK.
A LOAN FROM THAT BANK. ACCORDING TO MICHAEL COHEN, THIS
ACCORDING TO MICHAEL COHEN, THIS SAME INFORMATION HAS BEEN
SAME INFORMATION HAS BEEN SUBMITTED TO AT LEAST ONE
SUBMITTED TO AT LEAST ONE INSURANCE COMPANY AS WELL FOR
INSURANCE COMPANY AS WELL FOR THE PURPOSE OF REDUCING HIS
THE PURPOSE OF REDUCING HIS INSURANCE PREMIUMS.
INSURANCE PREMIUMS. LYING TO A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
LYING TO A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION FOR THE PURPOSE OF INFLUENCING
FOR THE PURPOSE OF INFLUENCING THAT INSTITUTION’S BEHAVIOR CAN
THAT INSTITUTION’S BEHAVIOR CAN BE FELONY FINANCIAL FRAUD.
BE FELONY FINANCIAL FRAUD. "THE WASHINGTON POST" TODAY PUT
"THE WASHINGTON POST" TODAY PUT THIS SET OF FACTS TO A FORMER --
THIS SET OF FACTS TO A FORMER -- A COMMISSIONER OF THE SECURITIES
A COMMISSIONER OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WHO IS
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WHO IS NOW A LAW PROFESSOR AT STANFORD.
NOW A LAW PROFESSOR AT STANFORD. HE TOLD THEM, QUOTE, MICHAEL
HE TOLD THEM, QUOTE, MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY OPENS ANOTHER
COHEN’S TESTIMONY OPENS ANOTHER LINE OF INQUIRY INTO BLANK
LINE OF INQUIRY INTO BLANK FRAUD.
FRAUD. AND, YOU KNOW, THE DEVIL’S IN
AND, YOU KNOW, THE DEVIL’S IN THE DETAILS AND CONTEXT IS
THE DETAILS AND CONTEXT IS EVERYTHING.
EVERYTHING. "THE POST" REPORTS THAT IN ONE
"THE POST" REPORTS THAT IN ONE COPY OF THIS SAME 2012 FINANCIAL
COPY OF THIS SAME 2012 FINANCIAL STATEMENT THAT THEY OBTAINED
STATEMENT THAT THEY OBTAINED INDEPENDENTLY, TRUMP’S
INDEPENDENTLY, TRUMP’S ACCOUNTANTS APPENDED A LONG
ACCOUNTANTS APPENDED A LONG DISCLAIMER TO THE FINANCIAL
DISCLAIMER TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT, SO MAYBE THAT’S
STATEMENT, SO MAYBE THAT’S IMPORTANT.
IMPORTANT. DISCLAIMER OR NOT, IF THIS WAS
DISCLAIMER OR NOT, IF THIS WAS POTENTIALLY GOING TO BE
POTENTIALLY GOING TO BE INVESTIGATED AS POSSIBLY FELONY
INVESTIGATED AS POSSIBLY FELONY BANK FRAUD, YOU’D NEED TO SEE
BANK FRAUD, YOU’D NEED TO SEE WHAT THE BANK ACTUALLY RECEIVED
WHAT THE BANK ACTUALLY RECEIVED FROM TRUMP, HOW THESE MATERIALS
FROM TRUMP, HOW THESE MATERIALS WERE PRESENTED BY TRUMP AND HIS
WERE PRESENTED BY TRUMP AND HIS BUSINESS AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE.
BUSINESS AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE. AS THE FORMER S.E.C.
AS THE FORMER S.E.C. COMMISSIONER PUT IT TO "THE
COMMISSIONER PUT IT TO "THE POST" TODAY, QUOTE, TO DETERMINE
POST" TODAY, QUOTE, TO DETERMINE WHETHER FRAUD OCCURRED REQUIRES
WHETHER FRAUD OCCURRED REQUIRES A CAREFUL LOOK AT THE TEXT OF
A CAREFUL LOOK AT THE TEXT OF THE STATUTES BUT ALSO AT THE
THE STATUTES BUT ALSO AT THE DOCUMENTS SUBMITTED TO THE BANK.
DOCUMENTS SUBMITTED TO THE BANK. THE QUESTION WAS WHETHER THERE
THE QUESTION WAS WHETHER THERE WAS A KNOWING ATTEMPT TO DEFRAUD
WAS A KNOWING ATTEMPT TO DEFRAUD THE BANK.
THE BANK. WELL, THE BANK IN QUESTION HERE,
WELL, THE BANK IN QUESTION HERE, ACCORDING TO MICHAEL COHEN, IS
ACCORDING TO MICHAEL COHEN, IS DEUTSCHE BANK.
DEUTSCHE BANK. DID PRESIDENT TRUMP TRY TO GET A
DID PRESIDENT TRUMP TRY TO GET A LOAN OUT OF DEUTSCHE BANK BY
LOAN OUT OF DEUTSCHE BANK BY RANDOMLY ADDING MORE THAN
RANDOMLY ADDING MORE THAN $250,000 MILLION TO THE VALUE OF
$250,000 MILLION TO THE VALUE OF HIS HOUSE UP BY THE PRISON,
HIS HOUSE UP BY THE PRISON, PRETENDING IT WAS ON, LIKE,
PRETENDING IT WAS ON, LIKE, HILLS MADE OF GOLD OR SITTING ON
HILLS MADE OF GOLD OR SITTING ON A SECRET DIAMOND MINE THAT ONE
A SECRET DIAMOND MINE THAT ONE YEAR?
YEAR? I MEAN, PUBLICLY WE DON’T KNOW.
I MEAN, PUBLICLY WE DON’T KNOW. THERE WERE REPORTS DECEMBER OF
THERE WERE REPORTS DECEMBER OF 2017 THAT FEDERAL PROSECUTORS
2017 THAT FEDERAL PROSECUTORS FROM THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S
FROM THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE HAD SUBPOENAED DEUTSCHE
OFFICE HAD SUBPOENAED DEUTSCHE BANK FOR DOCUMENTS DETAILING THE
BANK FOR DOCUMENTS DETAILING THE BANK’S RELATIONSHIP WITH
BANK’S RELATIONSHIP WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. THE REPORTED SUBPOENA OF THAT
THE REPORTED SUBPOENA OF THAT BANK WAS APPARENTLY OCCASIONED
BANK WAS APPARENTLY OCCASIONED ONE OF THE GREAT REPORTED
ONE OF THE GREAT REPORTED PRESIDENTIAL FREAK OUTS
PRESIDENTIAL FREAK OUTS CONCERNING THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S
CONCERNING THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE, INCLUDING WHAT WAS
OFFICE, INCLUDING WHAT WAS REPORTED BY "THE NEW YORK TIMES"
REPORTED BY "THE NEW YORK TIMES" TO BE THE FIRST CONCERTED EFFORT
TO BE THE FIRST CONCERTED EFFORT BY PRESIDENT TRUMP TO FIRE
BY PRESIDENT TRUMP TO FIRE SPECIAL COUNSEL ROBERT MUELLER.
SPECIAL COUNSEL ROBERT MUELLER. SPECIFICALLY IN RESPONSE TO
SPECIFICALLY IN RESPONSE TO THOSE REPORTS THAT MUELLER’S
THOSE REPORTS THAT MUELLER’S OFFICE HAD SUBPOENAED DEUTSCHE
OFFICE HAD SUBPOENAED DEUTSCHE BANK.
BANK. NOW, THAT REPORTING ABOUT
NOW, THAT REPORTING ABOUT MUELLER SUBPOENAING DEUTSCHE
MUELLER SUBPOENAING DEUTSCHE BANK WAS LATER WALKED BACK.
BANK WAS LATER WALKED BACK. IT’S STILL NOT CLEAR WHETHER OR
IT’S STILL NOT CLEAR WHETHER OR NOT THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE
NOT THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE DID SUBPOENA DEUTSCHE BANK FOR
DID SUBPOENA DEUTSCHE BANK FOR THEIR TRUMP-RELATED RECORDS.
THEIR TRUMP-RELATED RECORDS. WE KNOW THAT DEMOCRATS IN
WE KNOW THAT DEMOCRATS IN CONGRESS TRIED TO ELICIT
CONGRESS TRIED TO ELICIT INFORMATION FROM THAT BANK ABOUT
INFORMATION FROM THAT BANK ABOUT THEIR RELATIONSHIP WITH TRUMP
THEIR RELATIONSHIP WITH TRUMP OVER THE PAST COUPLE OF YEARS.
OVER THE PAST COUPLE OF YEARS. REPUBLICANS AT THE TIME WERE IN
REPUBLICANS AT THE TIME WERE IN CONTROL OF BOTH HOUSES OF
CONTROL OF BOTH HOUSES OF CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. THEY WERE NOT INTERESTED IN
THEY WERE NOT INTERESTED IN PURSUING THOSE LINES OF INQUIRY
PURSUING THOSE LINES OF INQUIRY THEMSELVES, AND DEUTSCHE BANK
THEMSELVES, AND DEUTSCHE BANK THEREFORE DIDN’T HAVE TO RESPOND
THEREFORE DIDN’T HAVE TO RESPOND TO ANY OF THOSE REQUESTS.
TO ANY OF THOSE REQUESTS. NOW, THOUGH, THE DEMOCRATS
NOW, THOUGH, THE DEMOCRATS CONTROL THE HOUSE, AND TODAY THE
CONTROL THE HOUSE, AND TODAY THE CHAIR OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES
CHAIR OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES COMMITTEE IN THE HOUSE,
COMMITTEE IN THE HOUSE, CONGRESSWOMAN MAXINE WATERS,
CONGRESSWOMAN MAXINE WATERS, TOLD POLITICO.COM THAT DEUTSCHE
TOLD POLITICO.COM THAT DEUTSCHE BANK IS NOW COOPERATING FOR THE
BANK IS NOW COOPERATING FOR THE FIRST TIME.
FIRST TIME. SHE SAID, QUOTE, THEY ARE JUST
SHE SAID, QUOTE, THEY ARE JUST NOW BEING COOPERATIVE.
NOW BEING COOPERATIVE. THEY HAD NOT BEEN.
THEY HAD NOT BEEN. BUT SHE SAYS NOW THEY ARE BEING
BUT SHE SAYS NOW THEY ARE BEING COOPERATIVE AND THEY ARE HANDING
COOPERATIVE AND THEY ARE HANDING OVER DOCUMENTS AT THE REQUEST OF
OVER DOCUMENTS AT THE REQUEST OF HER COMMITTEE.
HER COMMITTEE. SO HERE’S MY QUESTION.
SO HERE’S MY QUESTION. I MEAN, THIS THING INVOLVING
I MEAN, THIS THING INVOLVING THIS PROPERTY IN WEST CHESTER
THIS PROPERTY IN WEST CHESTER COUNT COZY, THE TESTIMONY BY
COUNT COZY, THE TESTIMONY BY COHEN AND THE FINANCIAL
COHEN AND THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONCERNING THE
STATEMENTS CONCERNING THE PROPERTY AND WHAT HE SAYS THOSE
PROPERTY AND WHAT HE SAYS THOSE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS WERE USED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS WERE USED FOR.
FOR. THIS INEXPLICABLE $200-PLUS
THIS INEXPLICABLE $200-PLUS MILLION THAT POPS UP ON THAT
MILLION THAT POPS UP ON THAT FINANCIAL STATEMENT, THAT
FINANCIAL STATEMENT, THAT FINANCIAL STATEMENT THAT HE SAYS
FINANCIAL STATEMENT THAT HE SAYS WAS TRIED TO USE TO GET A LOAN
WAS TRIED TO USE TO GET A LOAN AND TRY TO AFFECT TRUMP’S
AND TRY TO AFFECT TRUMP’S INSURANCE RATES.
INSURANCE RATES. I MEAN THIS IS BASICALLY JUST
I MEAN THIS IS BASICALLY JUST ONE LITTLE CASE STUDY OF THE
ONE LITTLE CASE STUDY OF THE POTENTIAL CRIMINAL EXPOSURE WE
POTENTIAL CRIMINAL EXPOSURE WE ARE NOW COTTONING TO WHEN IT
ARE NOW COTTONING TO WHEN IT COMES TO THIS PRESIDENT.
COMES TO THIS PRESIDENT. I MEAN, THERE’S LOTS OF THINGS
I MEAN, THERE’S LOTS OF THINGS THAT WE COULD HAVE CHOSEN AND
THAT WE COULD HAVE CHOSEN AND TOLD YOU A STORY LIKE THIS ABOUT
TOLD YOU A STORY LIKE THIS ABOUT THE PRESIDENT, RIGHT?
THE PRESIDENT, RIGHT? LET’S JUST PICK THIS ONE ABOUT
LET’S JUST PICK THIS ONE ABOUT THE VALUATION OF THIS PROPERTY
THE VALUATION OF THIS PROPERTY FOR THE PURPOSES OF ILLUSTRATING
FOR THE PURPOSES OF ILLUSTRATING THE QUESTION AND THE CONUNDRUM
THE QUESTION AND THE CONUNDRUM WE ARE NOW IN AS AMERICANS.
WE ARE NOW IN AS AMERICANS. BECAUSE, RIGHT, THESE FINANCIAL
BECAUSE, RIGHT, THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS HAVE NOW BEEN HANDED
STATEMENTS HAVE NOW BEEN HANDED OVER BY COHEN TO CONGRESS.
OVER BY COHEN TO CONGRESS. THEY’RE NOW IN THE HANDS OF
THEY’RE NOW IN THE HANDS OF CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. WE BELIEVE THESE FINANCIAL
WE BELIEVE THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS HAVE ALREADY BEEN
STATEMENTS HAVE ALREADY BEEN THROUGH THE HANDS OF THE FBI AND
THROUGH THE HANDS OF THE FBI AND THEREFORE THEY HAVE BEEN SEEN BY
THEREFORE THEY HAVE BEEN SEEN BY FEDERAL PROSECUTORS.
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS. WE’VE ALSO NOW GOT COHEN’S BLUNT
WE’VE ALSO NOW GOT COHEN’S BLUNT UNDER OCEAN ASSERTIONS AS TO
UNDER OCEAN ASSERTIONS AS TO WHAT THOSE FINANCIAL DOCUMENTS
WHAT THOSE FINANCIAL DOCUMENTS WERE USED FOR.
WERE USED FOR. IF DEUTSCHE BANK IS NOW HANDING
IF DEUTSCHE BANK IS NOW HANDING OVER DOCUMENTS TO THE
OVER DOCUMENTS TO THE DEMOCRATIC-CONTROLLED
DEMOCRATIC-CONTROLLED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES, THEN
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES, THEN PRESUMABLY WE WILL SOON KNOW IF
PRESUMABLY WE WILL SOON KNOW IF MICHAEL COHEN WAS RIGHT IN HIS
MICHAEL COHEN WAS RIGHT IN HIS TESTIMONY YESTERDAY.
TESTIMONY YESTERDAY. AND IF THESE DOCUMENTS WERE IN
AND IF THESE DOCUMENTS WERE IN FACT USED IN A LOAN APPLICATION
FACT USED IN A LOAN APPLICATION TO DEUTSCHE BANK OR IF THEY WERE
TO DEUTSCHE BANK OR IF THEY WERE USED WITH INSURANCE COMPANIES OR
USED WITH INSURANCE COMPANIES OR IF THEY WERE USED WITH ANY OTHER
IF THEY WERE USED WITH ANY OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS.
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS. I MEAN, CLEARLY THERE APPEARS TO
I MEAN, CLEARLY THERE APPEARS TO BE SOMETHING WRONG WITH THAT
BE SOMETHING WRONG WITH THAT 2012 FINANCIAL STATEMENT.
2012 FINANCIAL STATEMENT. CLEARLY THAT IS NOT A $291
CLEARLY THAT IS NOT A $291 MILLION PROPERTY.
MILLION PROPERTY. AS NICE AS IT MAY SEEM.
AS NICE AS IT MAY SEEM. I SAY THAT IT’S NOT A $291
I SAY THAT IT’S NOT A $291 MILLION PROPERTY NOT BECAUSE I
MILLION PROPERTY NOT BECAUSE I CAN TELL AT A GLANCE WHAT A
CAN TELL AT A GLANCE WHAT A PROPERTY IS WORTH.
PROPERTY IS WORTH. I SAY THAT BECAUSE THAT’S WHAT
I SAY THAT BECAUSE THAT’S WHAT DONALD TRUMP SAYS.
DONALD TRUMP SAYS. TRUMP DOESN’T EVEN CLAIM IT’S A
TRUMP DOESN’T EVEN CLAIM IT’S A $291 MILLION PROPERTY.
$291 MILLION PROPERTY. NOT WHEN HE KNOWS PEOPLE ARE
NOT WHEN HE KNOWS PEOPLE ARE WATCHING.
WATCHING. WHEN HE FILED HI FINANCIAL
WHEN HE FILED HI FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE FORM AS A PUBLIC
DISCLOSURE FORM AS A PUBLIC OFFICIAL IN 2018, HE SAID IT WAS
OFFICIAL IN 2018, HE SAID IT WAS WORTH 25 TO 50.
WORTH 25 TO 50. WELL, THEN HOW IS IT WORTH 291
WELL, THEN HOW IS IT WORTH 291 MILLION IN 2012?
MILLION IN 2012? I MEAN, IF THAT $250,000 MILLION
I MEAN, IF THAT $250,000 MILLION MAGIC TRICK HE TRIED TO PLAY
MAGIC TRICK HE TRIED TO PLAY WITH THAT FINANCIAL STATEMENT IS
WITH THAT FINANCIAL STATEMENT IS IN FACT EVIDENCE OF FELONY BANK
IN FACT EVIDENCE OF FELONY BANK FRAUD, AT FAR AS I CAN TELL,
FRAUD, AT FAR AS I CAN TELL, WE’RE WELL WITHIN THE TEN YEARS
WE’RE WELL WITHIN THE TEN YEARS OF STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR A
OF STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR A CRIME.
CRIME. AS A COUNTRY NOW WE HAVE ALL
AS A COUNTRY NOW WE HAVE ALL JUST BEEN SHOWN EVIDENCE OF THIS
JUST BEEN SHOWN EVIDENCE OF THIS POTENTIAL FELONY BANK FRAUD BY
POTENTIAL FELONY BANK FRAUD BY THE PRESIDENT AND WE KNOW
THE PRESIDENT AND WE KNOW CONGRESS HAS IT AND WE BELIEVE
CONGRESS HAS IT AND WE BELIEVE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS HAVE IT.
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS HAVE IT. BUT HERE’S THE QUESTION.
BUT HERE’S THE QUESTION. WHO DOES WHAT WITH THAT
WHO DOES WHAT WITH THAT INFORMATION?
INFORMATION? I MEAN, AS A COUNTRY, IT’S NOT
I MEAN, AS A COUNTRY, IT’S NOT COOL TO JUST, LIKE, KNOW ABOUT
COOL TO JUST, LIKE, KNOW ABOUT THE FELONY, RIGHT?
THE FELONY, RIGHT? I MEAN, IN THE WAKE OF MICHAEL
I MEAN, IN THE WAKE OF MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY YESTERDAY,
COHEN’S TESTIMONY YESTERDAY, THERE’S A WHOLE BUNCH OF
THERE’S A WHOLE BUNCH OF DIFFERENT POTENTIAL AVENUES FOR
DIFFERENT POTENTIAL AVENUES FOR EVIDENCE THAT MAY LEAD TO OVERT
EVIDENCE THAT MAY LEAD TO OVERT CRIMINAL EXPOSURE FOR THE
CRIMINAL EXPOSURE FOR THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. THIS FINANCIAL FRAUD THING IS
THIS FINANCIAL FRAUD THING IS JUST ONE OF THEM.
JUST ONE OF THEM. I MEAN, TO THE EXTENT THAT THE
I MEAN, TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PRESIDENT’S POTENTIAL CRIMINAL
PRESIDENT’S POTENTIAL CRIMINAL EXPOSURE IS ABOUT RUSSIAN
EXPOSURE IS ABOUT RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN THE ELECTION,
INTERFERENCE IN THE ELECTION, POTENTIAL CONSPIRACY OR
POTENTIAL CONSPIRACY OR COOPERATION WITH THAT
COOPERATION WITH THAT INTERFERENCE, THE RELEVANT
INTERFERENCE, THE RELEVANT PROSECUTORS, AT LEAST FOR NOW,
PROSECUTORS, AT LEAST FOR NOW, WOULD SEEM TO BE THE PROSECUTORS
WOULD SEEM TO BE THE PROSECUTORS AT THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE.
AT THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE
TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PRESIDENT’S CRIMINAL EXPOSURE
PRESIDENT’S CRIMINAL EXPOSURE MAY BE ABOUT THE CAMPAIGN
MAY BE ABOUT THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE FELONIES FOR WHICH
FINANCE FELONIES FOR WHICH MICHAEL COHEN IS ALREADY GOING
MICHAEL COHEN IS ALREADY GOING TO PRISON, WELL, THOSE FELONIES
TO PRISON, WELL, THOSE FELONIES HAVE THUS FAR BEEN PROSECUTED BY
HAVE THUS FAR BEEN PROSECUTED BY THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE IN
THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
YORK. IF THE PRESIDENT IS ALSO
IF THE PRESIDENT IS ALSO CRIMINALLY EXPOSED FOR OTHER
CRIMINALLY EXPOSED FOR OTHER GARDEN VARIETY FINANCIAL FRAUD,
GARDEN VARIETY FINANCIAL FRAUD, SAY THE KIND OF BANK FRAUD THAT
SAY THE KIND OF BANK FRAUD THAT MANAFORT AND COHEN WERE BOTH
MANAFORT AND COHEN WERE BOTH CONVICTED OF ALREADY THIS PAST
CONVICTED OF ALREADY THIS PAST YEAR, THAT TOO COULD EASILY BE
YEAR, THAT TOO COULD EASILY BE AT THE CENTER OF THE BULLSEYE
AT THE CENTER OF THE BULLSEYE FOR PROSECUTORS IN SDNY.
FOR PROSECUTORS IN SDNY. THAT’S THE KIND OF BREAD AND
THAT’S THE KIND OF BREAD AND BUTTER WHITE COLLAR FINANCIAL
BUTTER WHITE COLLAR FINANCIAL CRIME THAT SDNY PROSECUTORS
CRIME THAT SDNY PROSECUTORS BRING TO COURT EVERY DARN DAY.
BRING TO COURT EVERY DARN DAY. I MEAN, EVERYTHING FROM
I MEAN, EVERYTHING FROM HIGH-PROFILE CASES LIKE WORLD
HIGH-PROFILE CASES LIKE WORLD COM, THAT FAMOUS CASE WHERE THAT
COM, THAT FAMOUS CASE WHERE THAT COMPANY RADICALLY OVERVALUED
COMPANY RADICALLY OVERVALUED ITSELF, RIGHT?
ITSELF, RIGHT? TO EVERYDAY CROOKS LIKE MICHAEL
TO EVERYDAY CROOKS LIKE MICHAEL COHEN TRYING TO GET HIS HOME
COHEN TRYING TO GET HIS HOME EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT,
EQUITY LINE OF CREDIT, MISSTATING HIS FINANCIAL STATUS
MISSTATING HIS FINANCIAL STATUS TO THE BANK IN ORDER TO DO IT.
TO THE BANK IN ORDER TO DO IT. THAT’S WHAT THEY DO.
THAT’S WHAT THEY DO. THOSE CASES COME UP EVERY DAY.
THOSE CASES COME UP EVERY DAY. BIG CASES.
BIG CASES. SMALL CASES.
SMALL CASES. CASES PEOPLE CARE ABOUT.
CASES PEOPLE CARE ABOUT. CASES PEOPLE DON’T.
CASES PEOPLE DON’T. WE SPOKE TO THE FORMER DEPUTY
WE SPOKE TO THE FORMER DEPUTY CHIEF OF THAT U.S. ATTORNEY’S
CHIEF OF THAT U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE, JUNE KIM, TODAY FROM
OFFICE, JUNE KIM, TODAY FROM SDNY.
SDNY. HE TOLD US THAT, IN FACT, THIS
HE TOLD US THAT, IN FACT, THIS IS THE DAY IN DAY OUT RUN OF THE
IS THE DAY IN DAY OUT RUN OF THE MILL PROSECUTORIAL WORK OF THE
MILL PROSECUTORIAL WORK OF THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE IN THE
U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. HE TOLD US TODAY, QUOTE, PEOPLE
HE TOLD US TODAY, QUOTE, PEOPLE WHO INFLATE THEIR FINANCIALS,
WHO INFLATE THEIR FINANCIALS, FOR EXAMPLE, TO OBTAIN A
FOR EXAMPLE, TO OBTAIN A MORTGAGE AND WHO DEFLATE THEIR
MORTGAGE AND WHO DEFLATE THEIR FINANCIALS, FOR EXAMPLE, TO PAY
FINANCIALS, FOR EXAMPLE, TO PAY LESS TAXES, THOSE PEOPLE ARE
LESS TAXES, THOSE PEOPLE ARE ENGAGING IN VERY COMMON SCHEMES
ENGAGING IN VERY COMMON SCHEMES AND HAVE BEEN PROSECUTED
AND HAVE BEEN PROSECUTED REGULARLY.
REGULARLY. IF TRUMP ORGANIZATION DOCUMENTS
IF TRUMP ORGANIZATION DOCUMENTS AND DEUTSCHE BANK DOCUMENTS AND
AND DEUTSCHE BANK DOCUMENTS AND WHATEVER OTHER EVIDENCE WE’RE
WHATEVER OTHER EVIDENCE WE’RE ABOUT TO HAVE PUBLICLY AIRED, IF
ABOUT TO HAVE PUBLICLY AIRED, IF THAT EVIDENCE PAINTS A
THAT EVIDENCE PAINTS A COMPELLING AT LEAST PUBLIC
COMPELLING AT LEAST PUBLIC PICTURE THAT THE PRESIDENT
PICTURE THAT THE PRESIDENT APPEARS TO HAVE ENGAGED IN
APPEARS TO HAVE ENGAGED IN PRETTY CLEAR INSTANCES OF
PRETTY CLEAR INSTANCES OF FINANCIAL CRIMES, FINANCIAL
FINANCIAL CRIMES, FINANCIAL FELONIES, FINANCIAL FRAUD
FELONIES, FINANCIAL FRAUD SCHEMES OF THE KIND THAT ARE
SCHEMES OF THE KIND THAT ARE ROUTINELY PROSECUTED AGAINST ALL
ROUTINELY PROSECUTED AGAINST ALL SORTS OF PEOPLE AND COMPANIES
SORTS OF PEOPLE AND COMPANIES AND ENTITIES IN THIS COUNTRY,
AND ENTITIES IN THIS COUNTRY, WELL, WHO PROSECUTES IT WHEN IT
WELL, WHO PROSECUTES IT WHEN IT COMES TO HIM?
COMES TO HIM? WHO PROSECUTES IT WHEN IT COMES
WHO PROSECUTES IT WHEN IT COMES TO HIM?
TO HIM? WOULD IT BE AN ACT OF BRAVERY OR
WOULD IT BE AN ACT OF BRAVERY OR AN ACT OF SORT OF POLITICAL HIGH
AN ACT OF SORT OF POLITICAL HIGH WIRE WALKING IN ORDER TO
WIRE WALKING IN ORDER TO PROSECUTE IT WHEN IT COMES TO
PROSECUTE IT WHEN IT COMES TO HIM?
HIM? IF SOMEBODY IS GOING TO TRY TO
IF SOMEBODY IS GOING TO TRY TO PROSECUTE HIM FOR THIS STUFF,
PROSECUTE HIM FOR THIS STUFF, WHEN?
WHEN? AND WHERE AND HOW?
AND WHERE AND HOW? BECAUSE EVEN WITH JUST WHAT
BECAUSE EVEN WITH JUST WHAT WE’VE SEEN PUBLICLY, IT SORT OF